The Joe Rogan experience.
Yeah.
That was one of those just unbelievable moment.
And I love Kevin Kelly.
He was great.
He was also at the top is speaks to that.
Gave him rd coat.
Kevin was there and saying young guy,
he's still a young guy and he really should be fine.
One's 70,
honestly.
Yeah.
I mean he fought at one seven.
He just,
he likes to eat,
you know,
just help a lot.
A hell of a hard guy,
man.
Kevin,
if you listen to me,
man,
Kelvin's a beast.
He's not even near his full potential yet.
I don't think a style bender is either.
Oh No,
there's still a young guy stopped benders better now that he was in his first
fight in the UFC,
which is only about 16 months ago.
He's better now.
He's trouble for anybody,
man.
He's in his house then he,
that guy has,
he's probably the most technical striker that's ever fought in the UFC.
So tactical.
All right.
Um,
okay.
Let me ask you about this.
I heard a rumor of him in time Jones.
No,
no.
Each other.
Oh yeah.
Um,
John was talking shit about him and he was talking shit about John,
you know,
that maybe they'll fight.
John is way bigger.
John's a big man.
I know.
Yeah.
And it's bad motherfucker vendor man.
I mean maybe one day they could fight.
But John,
I think John's futures and heavyweight.
I really do.
I think John's going to clean out the light heavyweight division and then move
up and I think he's probably going to try to catch DC before DC steps out
because DC is going to fight against deep Emile chick.
They're going to have a rematch and then I think,
um,
DC versus John Jones.
Yeah,
it heavy weight.
I think John Wants to go up there and take that heavyweight title,
you know,
but I think DC has a better chance against him at heavyweight.
I don't think DC liked cutting weight and I don't think it's good for his
performance or his durability or anything.
You know,
I think,
I mean,
judging by his fights with Derek Lewis,
who's a fucking huge guy and knocking out steep mule chick who's nobody's ever
been able to do it like that before,
the way DC did it.
I mean,
DC says at heavyweight,
he's just way more powerful or hits harder,
takes a punch better,
you know?
I mean,
he's not tall guy.
He's only like five 11 but he's is,
why does this fucking table,
yeah,
DC's a tank of a man.
His wrestling ability is just phenomenal.
Well,
that's why it's John.
So goddamn oppressive at John took him dad,
John of went right at them with wrestling.
It's like,
motherfucker,
I'm going to take you down and scare you.
There goes,
my favorite
food is if he's not the greatest of all time,
he's in a conversation.
Is that a conversation that's like me?
My,
my opinion is that mighty mouse Johnson is the greatest of all time,
but the caveat is that mighty mouse never really fought the Caribou caliber of
competition that Jon Jones did.
Jon Jones first fight in the UFC at for a title.
He's fighting Mauricio Shogun Hua.
Who is a legend.
That's John's first fight opens up with a flying knee.
The fly me into legend.
No.
Chopes Leo Machida,
completely unconscious,
chokes out rampage.
Choke sizes,
just smashed everybody.
John smashed everybody.
He's only lost one time.
That's a bullshit loss.
It was a bullshit lawsuit.
Disqualification and fight that he was dominated.
Yep.
He's a freak man.
He's a real free.
Most definitely is my afraid.
Especially since he told me he listens to my ass before I fight.
I always listen to your,
I am the one speak Ct.
Hell yes.
He's something special.
If they're from,
he really is.
He's something special.
And I think,
um,
you know,
he's had some troubles in his life and troubles,
but I think he's got that shit behind him.
I really do.
And I think he's,
you know,
I mean,
he hasn't had a near death experience,
but I think he's had so many like near career experiences that he appreciates it
now.
And I also think to be that good,
you gotta be fucking crazy.
And I think Jon Jones is fucking crazy and he's just getting his crazy online.
He's just getting his crazy in order,
like keep my crazy and under wraps.
Just keep my crazy together.
There's going to be that good.
You gotta be a wild mother fucker.
Oh,
you've got to be wild.
If that's,
that's what he is.
He's smart too though.
He's got like the perfect combination of things like smart and wild,
you know,
and physically talented like,
and then I met a long,
long as fuck for the weight class.
He's very strong told.
Yeah,
I seen a weight lifting man.
I trying to get time tones into the belly of the beast.
You can only go,
go,
he's fine.
I'm sure.
Maybe after the fight with Tiago Santos,
so have some time off.
But he uh,
it's interesting,
his coach thought that his power lifting was a bad idea for him,
apparently not coaches.
Well they think that he got really into that before the OSP fight.
Man,
we had a big stretch of time off and then the OSP fight,
he didn't look as good,
but I credit that to Osp.
I just think that OSP fought real hard fight and he's a real big,
strong guy in his fucking dangerous and I opens it improves the piece,
Matt.
Yeah.
I think that it's just one of those things where stylistically,
you know,
opens,
fought a really good fight and I mean,
opens had a broken arm for,
I think the last round that round with a fucking shattered arm.
Never let anybody know.
Didn't say a Goddamn word about his forearms snapped.
Yeah.
From some base to do that.
It's the hardest game in the world.